Fix link text for anchor links to GDS Way pages (#2223)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/contributing/coding-standards/js.md

The standard docs have a [complete list of rules and some reasoning behind them](http://standardjs.com/rules.html).

> Read more about [running standard manually or in your editor on the JavaScript coding style page of the GDS Way](https://gds-way.cloudapps.digital/manuals/programming-languages/js.html#linting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about [running standard manually, or in your editor, on the 'JavaScript coding style' page of the GDS Way](https://gds-way.cloudapps.digital/manuals/programming-languages/js.html#linting).
```
